[doc] update dev_install.md and field.md (#51)
taichi-dev/docs.taichi.graphics: website/docs/lang/articles/contribution/dev_install.md

  python3 -m pip install --user numpy GitPython coverage colorama autograd
  ```

2.  Make sure you have `clang` with version \>= 7:

>   - On Ubuntu, execute `sudo apt install libtinfo-dev clang-8`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  - On Ubuntu, execute `sudo apt install libtinfo-dev clang-8`.
```

Reviewer: Add a new line to fix:

![screenshot](https://netlify-cocoon.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/fetch?code=307&path=eyJzaXRlX2lkIjoiNjgyNWU0MTEtYzVmNy00MTQ4LWFiNDMtMDIzNjYzZjQxYjZhIiwiZGVwbG95X2lkIjoiNjBkYmQ0NTJhZjc4NzcwMDA3MDMzZjZmIiwiaWQiOiIyYWEwZTFiMy0yYzUzLTRkMjEtOTlhZS1jODY3M2I2ZTRlNmYifQ==)

Author: Great. 
BTW, I ask my friends who is an IOS developer. He told me OS X is the old name of macOS, I think we could replace all OS X with macOS now. What do you think?

Author: Should we move the trouble shooting section at the bottom of `dev_install.md`? The linux, macOS, windows and docker should be four kinds of installation.

Reviewer: > I think we could replace all OS X with macOS now. What do you think?

Sounds good! Apple changed their branding to macOS since 2016, I guess it's long enough to avoid ambiguity in our docs!

> Should we move the trouble shooting section at the bottom of dev_install.md? The linux, macOS, windows and docker should be four kinds of installation.

Also sounds great!

  mkdir build
  cd build
  cmake ..

>   # On OS X, if you do not set clang as the default compiler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # On macOS, if you do not set clang as the default compiler
```

      `CMakePredefinedTargets` in the Solution Explorer window).
    - If you use MSVC 2019, **make sure you use C++17** for the
      `INSTALL` project.
    - After the build is complete, find your LLVM binaries and
      headers in `build/installed`.

    Please add `build/installed/bin` to `PATH`. Later, when you
    build Taichi using `CMake`, set `LLVM_DIR` to
    `build/installed/lib/cmake/llvm`.

### Setting up CUDA (optional)
If you don't have CUDA, go to [this
website](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-downloads) and download the
installer.

- To check if CUDA is installed, run `nvcc --version` or
  `cat /usr/local/cuda/version.txt`.

### Setting up Taichi for development
For precise build instructions on Windows, please check out
[appveyor.yml](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi/blob/master/appveyor.yml),
which does basically the same thing as the following instructions. We
use MSBUILD.exe to build the generated project. Please note that Windows
could have multiple instances of MSBUILD.exe shipped with different
products. Please make sure you add the path for MSBUILD.exe within your
MSVS directory and make it a higher priority (for instance than the one

> shipped with .NET).

Reviewer: should we move this paragraph a level up next to the `## Windows` H2 title?

Author: Good idea. I would update this paragraph.
